Update agent docs with enhanced capabilities (#3426)
mintlify/docs: agent/index.mdx

  The agent is available on [Enterprise plans](https://mintlify.com/pricing?ref=agent) for anyone with access to your dashboard.
</Info>

> The agent is an autonomous technical writer that creates pull requests with proposed changes to your documentation based on your prompts. When you send a request, it researches your documentation and connected repositories, creates a structured plan for complex tasks, writes or updates content following technical writing best practices, and validates changes before creating pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent is an AI tool that creates pull requests with proposed changes to your documentation based on your prompts. When you send a request, the agent:

- **Researches**: Reads your existing documentation, any connected repositories, and relevant context.
- **Plans**: Creates a structured task list for complex documentation work.
- **Writes**: Generates or updates content following writing standards and best practices.
- **Validates**: Runs Mintlify CLI checks to ensure documentation builds correctly.
- **Creates a PR**: Opens a pull request with proposed changes for review.

All changes go through pull requests. The agent never commits directly to your main branch.
```

## What you can do with the agent

Use the agent to:

- Write new content based on your prompts, pull requests, Slack threads, or file attachments.
- Update existing documentation with new features or API changes.
- Process and include images, diagrams, and other files directly from Slack or the dashboard.
- Search and revise code examples and API references across your docs.
- Answer questions about your docs and technical writing topics.
- Address code review feedback and maintain documentation quality.
- Capture knowledge from Slack conversations and pull requests before it gets lost.

## How the agent works

When you send a request, the agent:

1. **Researches**: Reads your existing documentation, connected repositories, and relevant context.
2. **Plans**: Creates a structured task list for complex documentation work.
3. **Writes**: Generates or updates content following technical writing standards.
4. **Validates**: Runs Mintlify CLI checks to ensure documentation builds correctly.
5. **Creates PR**: Opens a pull request with proposed changes for review.

All changes go through pull requests. The agent never commits directly to your main branch.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
